Add licensing requirements documentation (#667)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/licensing/index.mdx

---
title: Licensing requirements
description: Learn about the licensing requirements and eligibility criteria for accessing Adobe Commerce drop-ins.
---

import { Aside, Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';

Adobe Commerce drop-ins are available exclusively to customers with active Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (ACCS) or Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO) licenses. This page provides information about licensing requirements, how to access drop-ins, and what you need to know about versioning.

## Eligibility criteria

To access and use Adobe Commerce drop-ins, you must have one of the following:

> - **Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service (ACCS)** license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service** license
```

> - **Adobe Commerce Optimizer (ACO)** license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Adobe Commerce Optimizer** license
```

Drop-ins are not available for other Adobe Commerce deployment types or standalone usage.

<Aside type="note">
If you are unsure about your licensing status or need to upgrade your license, contact your Adobe account representative.
</Aside>

## How to access drop-ins

Once you have confirmed your eligibility, you can access Adobe Commerce drop-ins through the following channels:

<Steps>

1. **NPM Registry** - All drop-ins are published to npm under the `@dropins` scope. You can install them using standard package managers:

   ```bash
   npm install @dropins/storefront-cart
   ```

2. **GitHub Repositories** - Source code and documentation are available in the <Link href="https://github.com/adobe-commerce" text="Adobe Commerce GitHub organization" />.

> 3. **Documentation** - Complete implementation guides and API references are available on this site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Documentation** - Complete implementation guides and API references are available in this *Adobe Commerce Storefront* documentation.
```

</Steps>

### Prerequisites

> Before implementing drop-ins in your storefront, ensure you have:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before implementing drop-ins in your storefront, ensure that you have:
```

> - An active ACCS or ACO license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An active Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service or Adobe Commerce Optimizer license
```

- The [Storefront Compatibility Package](/setup/configuration/storefront-compatibility/install/) installed on your Adobe Commerce backend
- A modern JavaScript development environment
- Familiarity with Adobe Commerce APIs and storefront development

## Versioning and updates

### Version 3.0.0 for B2C drop-ins

> All existing B2C drop-ins (Cart, Checkout, Product Details, etc.) are being updated to version 3.0.0 to include the updated license agreement. This version introduces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All existing B2C drop-ins (Cart, Checkout, Product Details, and so on) are being updated to version 3.0.0 to include the updated license agreement. This version introduces:
```
